Add docs for tech insights facts views. (#1348)
RoadieHQ/marketing-site: content/docs/tech-insights/displaying-fact-data/index.md

---
title: Displaying Fact Data
publishedDate: '2024-08-12T14:33:22.0Z'
description: Roadie Plugins to display fact data directly
---

## Introduction

> Tech Insights in Roadie provides the capabilities to automatically retrieve and store relevant data about your entity catalog. You can display this data in various ways within your Roadie instance to easily keep track, visualize and display important information for your entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Tech Insights* feature in Roadie provides capabilities to automatically retrieve and store relevant data about your entity catalog. You can display this data in various ways within Roadie to easily keep track, visualize and display this information about your entities.
```

## Components

Roadie provides the ability to display various views of fact data from tech insights. These range from table views to more fine-grained widgets. 

### Tech Insights Fact Page

> Tech Insights Fact Page allows you to create a tabular view of facts collected to the system. These facts can range across different data sources. You can also define your own entity filtering to select only the relevant entities for this specific view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Tech Insights Fact Page* allows you to create a tabular view of facts collected to the system. These facts can range across different data sources. You can also define your own entity filtering to select only the relevant entities for this specific view.
```

---
title: Displaying Fact Data
publishedDate: '2024-08-12T14:33:22.0Z'
description: Roadie Plugins to display fact data directly
---

## Introduction

> Tech Insights in Roadie provides the capabilities to automatically retrieve and store relevant data for your entities. With this data you can enhance the Tech Insights visibility within your Roadie instance and easily keep track, visualize and display important information for your entities. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tech Insights in Roadie provides the capabilities to automatically retrieve and store relevant data about your entity catalog. You can display this data in various ways within your Roadie instance to easily keep track, visualize and display important information for your entities.
```

## Components

> Roadie provides various different components to display fact data. These range from overall fact gathering table views to more fine-grained fact info displaying widgets. The use cases for the former larger components are to provide and overview of retrieved fact data within the system, allowing users to keep themselves up to date with the latest information at a glance. The more fine-grained, entity level, fact displaying widgets can be used to display relevant current and historical information about collected facts. 

Reviewer: This paragraph is very terse and complicated. Can we split the sentences e.g.

The first sentence could be this:
"Roadie provides the ability to display various views of fact data from tech insights."

I don't understand this sentence: "These range from overall fact gathering table views to more fine-grained fact info displaying widgets."

Actually I think I might misunderstand most of the paragraph.

### Tech Insights Fact Page

> Tech Insights Fact Page allows you to create a tabular view of facts collected to the system. These facts can range across different data sources. You can also define your own entity filtering to select only the relevant entities for this specific view.

Reviewer: Can you put this "Tech Insights Fact Page" in some quotes or some highlighting to indicate its a name. Also might make sense to put "The" at the start of the sentence.

The configuration options include selecting the filtering of entities to display, and wanted columns that should be added to the table.

![page_settings_1.png](page_settings_1.png)
![page_settings_2.png](page_settings_2.png)

Additionally there is the possibility to create bar or pie charts on any column in the table by using the _kebab menu_ and selecting "Show as graph".

![show_graph_menu.png](show_graph_menu.png)

### Tech Insights Facts Home Page Card

The Tech Insights Facts Home Page Card is a variant of the above Tech Insights page. It provides the same functionality but automatically limits the displayed entities to the ones that are owned by the current user in the application.

You can add the table view as a `Card` component (`TechInsightsFactsHomePageCard`) into the home page of your Roadie application. The configuration of the component from within the page itself, using the cog icon on the top right corner.

![home_page_table.png](home_page_table.png) 

The configuration options for this component contain only the column selection for values to be displayed on the table.

![home_page_config.png](home_page_config.png)

### Fact Data Graph Card

> Fact Data Graph Card allows you to display historical graph of numerical Fact values that have been gathered into the system. This allows you to follow trends on open issues or vulnerability counts or similar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Fact Data Graph Card* allows you to display historical graph of numerical Fact values that have been gathered into the system. This allows you to follow trends on open issues or vulnerability counts or similar.
```
